README.md, before:

Hello World! 
How is it going in here? 


# Farmers::Markets

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/farmers/markets`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'farmers-markets'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install farmers-markets

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'chadeyras'/farmers-markets. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Farmers::Markets project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'chadeyras'/farmers-markets/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Modified README - all sections are OK except for the Installation that will need double-checking after the app is complete

README.md, after:

# Farmers Markets in the UK

Welcome to the Farmers Markets UK CLI application. This application allows the user to get a list of all farmers markets in the UK as listed by the FARMA - National Farmers' Retail and Markets Association. 


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'farmers-markets'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

------

To be checked. I believe this requires the creation of a gem specific to the application on ruby-gems.com
Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install farmers-markets
    
------

## Usage

To use the Farmers Markets UK CLI application you need to type 'farmers-markets' in your terminal and press enter. Once the application is launched you will simply need to follow the prompts on the screen. 

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/'chadeyras'/farmers-markets. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Farmers::Markets project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/'chadeyras'/farmers-markets/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
